                        PinWHeeLs Wiz Guide


RESPONSIBILITIES:
All wizards at PinWHeeLs have a certain degree of responsibility and
power, both of which increase as your level increases. Here is a list
of guidelines that ALL wizards and gods need to follow in order for
PW to run as smoothly as possible.  First I will define the responsibilities
of each level, some of which have changed from the .h levels file.

Wizards: Mostly responsible for policing the talker, dealing with
         troublesome users, taking the *appropriate* action to deal
         with such users.

Managers: Mostly responsible for administrative duties, such as the
          banning/ unbanning of sites, clearing expired users, and
          handling problems that wizards may need some
          assistance with.

ALL wizards: Responsible for the general peace of PW. All wizards are 
             partly responsible for helping newbies and policing the place.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

GUIDELINES:
Each level has a certain amount of "power", determined by the commands
that level contains.  These commands should only be used for the purpose
they are served for. Here is a listing of how certain commands should be 
used.

MUZZLE/UNMUZZLE: Used if a user has been abusing the .shout command. When
                 the .shout command is being abused, a certain course of 
                 action should be taken.  First, a .bcast should be done
                 to notify users that shouting has gotten out of hand.
                 If this does not help, give the particular user a 
                 personal warning stating that if their behavior continues,
                 they will be muzzled.  If at last this doesn't work, then
                 use the .muzzle.  If it's a first time abuser, set a time
                 limit on the muzzle according to your discretion.  If it's
                 a repeat offender, make the muzzle permanant. Swearing
                 continously in shouts are reason for an immediate .arrest

BCAST: Only to be used to notify users to stop abusing shouts, or to
       announce an event, such as clearing of room buffers or a system
       shutdown.  It should NOT be used for any other purpose.

ARREST: Used on troublesome users that have been given many warnings but
        will not comply to the rules of the talker.  Do not use this 
        command hastily.  Before .arresting a user, take that user into
        another room via .move or .bring.  Try to talk to that user,
        explaining the rules of the talker and how their behavior is
        considered inappropriate.  Usually a person is just unsure of
        themselves and didn't realize their behavior was unacceptable,
        other times users just don't give a crap.  It's fairly easy to
        tell which is which, so use your discretion.  The .arrest should
        NEVER be used on another wizard unless you are Cygnus, which you
        aren't.  If you see a wizard is behaving inproperly, bring it to
        Cygnus's attention ASAP. DO NOT act first. Cygnus will deal with
        the situation.

MOVE/BRING:  Should only be used to move a newbie if they need assistance 
             or to remove a troublesome user from an area. Moving or
             bringing a user in general is permitted ONLY if you have that
             users permission.

PROMOTE/DEMOTE: All wizards have the right to promote from
                Newbie to Wheeler at their discretion.

                Promotions/demotions to level 2 are to be handled
                as a community. NO ONE is to promote/demote within these
                levels without consulting Cygnus beforehand.  No
                promo/demote is so urgent that it cannot be taken up with
                Cygnus ahead of time. Cygnus will then do what is
                necessary to deal with the situation,
                whether it is to hold a wiz meeting for votes on a users
                promotion and availability of that position, or to iron
                out whatever problems a wizard may be causing.

KILL: IMO, kind of a worthless command, since .arrest should be all that is
      really needed.  All .kill usually does is aggraviate a user if they 
      are already causing problems.  Only use if a user is troublesome user
      is logging back on as someone else after having been arrested.  Sometimes
      this is affective which helps keep the ban list down.  NEVER use this
      command on another wizard, unless asked to by that wizard for some
      particular purpose. Kill is also used to remove users that are
      lagged out and stuck.

XCOMM: An alternative to arresting. Since it prevents the user from being 
       able to do anything, including move from room to room, it should
       be used VERY sparingly. Xcomm should NEVER be used on another wizard,
       nor should it be used as a joke any users/wizards.  If there's a 
       problem with a wizard, take it up with Cygnus.

FORCE: Only to be used for the purpose of helping a user with their settings
       or to remove an abusive desc or enter/exit phrase if a user refuses to
       do it themselves.  This should NOT be used on other wizards nor on
       abusive users just to razz them.  Deal with abusive users in the 
       appropriate manner.

DESCROOM/ATMOS: Only to be used in YOUR room unless asked to do otherwise
                by Cygnus.

NUKE: Only to be used to remove expired accounts, multiple accounts, or
      to prevent a troublesome user from coming back after a .ban has been
      done. If a user asks to be nuked, take the matter to Cygnus, he
      will handle it.

* NOTE: All of the above commands are to be used in coordinance with the
  wizboard (.wnote). Whenever one of the anti-abussive/spamming commands is
  used, a wnote is  needed to inform other wizards of the situation. Also
  please write a warning on the user with  .wlog <user> <message> So we can
  keep track of the track record of users

* ANOTHER NOTE: If a user is being unruly through personal means via tells,
  emotes. etc. It may be best to log the conversation for future reference.
  Since it is often difficult to judge certain situations when the abuse
  in on a personal level.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

BEHAVIOR:
Wizards are expected to behave in an appropriate matter while on PW.
Certain behavior will not be tolerated. Here's a list of behaviors that
will result in a re-evaluation of your position at PW.

SPAMMING: Not allowed under any circumstances, in any form.  This includes
          through shouts, tells, through pictures such as Christ, mail,
          boards, or in public.

SWEARING: In private rooms with certain company, ok. But under any other
          circumstances is not allowed.

"MESSING" WITH USERS: Yes, some users can be annoying as hell, but this
          is no reason to make a fool of them.  If a user is offending
          other users, then deal with the situation by taking the user 
          into another room and talking to them, explaining how their 
          behavior is inappropriate.  If this does not work, then take 
          disiplinary action using .arrest.  By "messing" with a user, 
          you are setting a bad example for PW, especially if this joking 
          is done in the front gate.  A new user might be afraid too come 
          back if they see wizards treating another user in such a manner.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Being a wizard at PinWHeeLs comes with much responsibility and requires
maturity to handle situations properly. Failure to follow these guidelines
will result in a re-evaluation of your position here at PW which may
result in demotion.  Any comments/questions about any of the contents of
this file can be emailed to cygnus@misty.com.  Yes, being a wiz is
hard work, but PW is meant to be a place of fun.  Let's do our best to make
it that way for everyone, shall we? :)

- Cygnus

-------------------------------------------------------------------

